this portion of our CES coverage is
brought to you by LastPass check out the
link in the video description to learn
more and start securing your passwords
today so we're here in the ZTE booth
where we are checking out the normal
ists Mart phone of all time it's got a
1080p sixteen by nine resolution 5.2
inch display it's got a quad-core
Qualcomm processor four gigs of RAM it's
got 64 gigs of storage it's got microSD
expansion and oh wait what the actual
crap just happened it opens up because
it actually has a second screen so both
of these are Gorilla Glass topped and
when you combine them you get a whopping
six point seven inch display and there
are actually a number of different ways
you can use it so either as one gigantic
screen so go ahead and open up whoa
there's the like the big news literally
the big news you click this second home
button down here you can change the mode
to Mirror if say for example you had a
James next to you and you were all like
hi I'd like to read the same article as
you at the same time after I closed this
ad from Wired Thank You Wired thanks
James so on the Left we've got our like
normal home button so we could go ahead
and be like oh I don't know my calendar
and then over here we get an app drawer
so we can say how about how about Chrome
boom totally independent and for our
last trick here you can just turn the
second screen off to conserve battery
it's got about a 3200 is a 31 eighty
milliamp hour battery and as for the
rest of the specs it's got bottom firing
speakers USP type C a headphone jack
it's got a single camera because the
idea is that it's on this screen and you
could like I don't know clone the
screens and you can take pictures this
way or you could not you could take
pictures this way you don't really need
a second camera the fingerprint sensor
is actually on the side since organ
amelie that's something that you'll be
able to reach all the time with a device
like this and speaking of which I
actually really found that the
ergonomics were not nearly as bad as I
expected the
has a like quite a satisfying click to
it and when you're holding it in large
screen mode which I really see
realistically being the one that I would
use the most it's actually got a bit of
a lip at the back so you can hold it
one-handed now with that said I do see
the occasional spill being more likely
with a phone like this than one that
you're accustomed to holding the same
wheel the timing for that zit te
actually has a first-party case that
they are providing for free once you
activate it and I think you have to sign
up or something like that you also get
an extra two years of warranty on
topical one so this case right here is
just a little bit of kind of bumper
protection around the outside it
actually looks pretty sleek and doesn't
add a ton of extra bulk to the phone
either so right now it's exclusive to
AT&T in the US but when they launched
worldwide and they are planning to
launch in other countries it will be
getting a availability where you are and
be an upgrade to Android Oreo so its
shipping with nougat right now so thanks
to LastPass for sponsoring this video
here at CES 2018 LastPass is a key part
of our business management and has been
for quite a long time when we read shows
like this the last thing you need to be
dealing with when you are in a hurry
trying to produce 40-plus videos in a
week is not having a login for an
account and having to either go through
the password reset rigmarole or call
someone to try and get a password get
them to text it to you that's totally
insecure by the way unsecure not secure
okay it's not insecure it's a different
kind of non secure the point is LastPass
makes it easy to share passwords and
other information like Wi-Fi logins or
secure notes with any member of your
team they've got three different options
there's premium for personal use there's
teams for small businesses and there's
Enterprise for large businesses check
them out at the link in the video
description so thanks guys you're
checking out this video you can hit that
dislike button if you hated it but you
can hit like if you didn't hate it quite
so much okay they're just a little bit
hit that like button and get subscribed
so you don't miss any of our CES 2018
content
[Music]